tutorial/async/README.md, before:

# Async | Rust | Tutorial
- Also known as: *concurrent programming model*
- Used for: 
    - web server
    - database
    - operating system
- They are multiple concurrent models: 
    - **OS threads** does not require changes to the programming model (easy to use). What is hard the synchronizing between threads, and the performance overhead is large. Massive IO-bound workloads do not work well because there isn't thread pools.
    - **Event-driven programming** with *callbacks* are good for performance. But it is very verbose and *non-leaner* control flow. It is hard to debug because the data flow and error propagation are hard to follow.
    - **Coroutines** are like threads so no need to change the programming model. Easy to use. Supports large number of tasks. Down side is that it abstract low-level details that are important for systems programming and custom runtime implementors.
    - **The actor model** concurrent computation are devided into unitrs called actors. They communicate through fallible message passing, much like in distributed systems. The down side is that it leaves many practicle issues unanswered, such as flow control and retry logic.


    

> NOTE: Concurrent programming is less mature and "standardized" than regular, sequential programming. 

## Resources
- [Why Async? - Asynchronous Programming in Rust](https://rust-lang.github.io/async-book/01_getting_started/02_why_async.html)

Commit message:

Added more notes for asyns

tutorial/async/README.md, after:

# Async | Rust | Tutorial
- Also known as: *concurrent programming model*
- Used for: 
    - web server
    - database
    - operating system
- They are multiple concurrent models: 
    - **OS threads** does not require changes to the programming model (easy to use). What is hard the synchronizing between threads, and the performance overhead is large. Massive IO-bound workloads do not work well because there isn't thread pools.
    - **Event-driven programming** with *callbacks* are good for performance. But it is very verbose and *non-leaner* control flow. It is hard to debug because the data flow and error propagation are hard to follow.
    - **Coroutines** are like threads so no need to change the programming model. Easy to use. Supports large number of tasks. Down side is that it abstract low-level details that are important for systems programming and custom runtime implementors.
    - **The actor model** concurrent computation are devided into unitrs called actors. They communicate through fallible message passing, much like in distributed systems. The down side is that it leaves many practicle issues unanswered, such as flow control and retry logic.

## Async vs OS threads
> Refactoring between these two is very time consuming!

Async pros: 
- use less CPU and memory overhead
- good for workloads with large amount of IO-bound tasks. Like: 
    - servers
    - databases
- you can handle way more tasks than with OS threads
- uses small amount of (expensive) threads to handle small tasks 
Async cons:
- results larger binary blobs
OS threads pros: 
- small number of tasks
- thread pool library can help mitigate (the overusage of CPU and memory but not a lot)
- you can easily reuse existing synchronous code without significant code changes
- no perticular programming model is required
- in some OSs you can even change the priority of a thread. Good for: 
    - useful for drivers
    - other latency sensitive applications
OS threads cons:
- comes with SPU and memory overhead
- spawning and switching between threads is quite expensive 
- idle threads consume system resources

> NOTE: They are different. Threads are simpler but for performance you will need async.

More on OS threads: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/thread/ (or indirectly through a thread pool)

> NOTE: Concurrent programming is less mature and "standardized" than regular, sequential programming. 

## Resources
- [Why Async? - Asynchronous Programming in Rust](https://rust-lang.github.io/async-book/01_getting_started/02_why_async.html)
